Replace references to serial interval with generation interval (#116)
epiverse-trace/epichains: vignettes/projecting_incidence.Rmd

t0
```

### Generation time

In epidemiology, the generation interval is the duration between successive
infectious events in a chain of transmission. Similarly, the serial
interval is the duration between observed symptom onset times between
successive cases in a transmission chain. The generation interval is
often hard to observe because exact times of infection are hard to
measure hence, the serial interval is often used instead. Here, we

> use the serial interval to represent what would normally be called the
> generation interval, that is, the time between successive cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use the serial interval and interpret the simulated case data to represent
symptom onset.
```

I wasn't quite sure what you meant so attempted to rephrase - does this make sense?

In this example, we will assume based on COVID-19 literature that the 
serial interval, S, is log-normal distributed with parameters, 
$\mu = 4.7$ and $\sigma = 2.9$ [@pearson2020]. The log-normal distribution is
commonly used in epidemiology to characterise quantities such as the serial
interval because it has a large variance and can only be positive-valued
[@nishiura2007; @limpert2001].

Note that when the distribution is described this way, it means $\mu$ and
$\sigma$ are the expected value and standard deviation of the natural
logarithm of the serial interval. Hence, in order to sample the
"back-transformed" measured serial interval with expectation/mean, $E[S]$

> and standard deviation, $SD [S]$, we can use the following parametrisation:

Author: @sbfnk Could you take a quick look at this rewording for me? Thanks.
